TO RUN AND TEST APPLICATION:

1. Load dist/index.html in a browser.

List of 6 locations should appear in list.
Map of 6 locations with 6 markers should appear.
Filter input field should read "Type Location Here".


2. Click on any marker on map.

Marker should bounce.
Info Window should open.
Info Window should include three URL links and text from
the New York Times's data API (the three most recent articles
on this location).


3. Click on a marker while another marker is already bouncing.

The first marker should stop bouncing.
Only the most recently clicked marker should bounce.
The info window of the first marker should also disappear.


4. Hover over names of locations in list.

The color of text and background should change.


5. Click on name of location in list.

Map should zoom to that location.
Marker should bounce.
Info Window should open.


6. Click once on Filter Input Field.

The string "Type Location Here" should disappear.
This allows the user to type in a new string.


7. Enter text in Filter Input Field.

Text should be matched, in real time, letter by letter,
against locations (case insensitive, full-text search).
For instance, typing "ho" should match the location "Soho".
Matched location (only) should appear in list.
Matched location should be zoomed in on map.
InfoWindow should NOT open.
Marker should NOT bounce.

Note: there is also a Filter button which will perform
the same functions.  The "real time" search function makes
the Filter button redundant.

NOTE to that note: the specifications for this project clearly
asked for a Filter button. But the instructor notes asked
for searching to happen in real time.  A reviewer also insisted
on real time searching.  Real time searching  makes the Filter button useless.
So why is a Filter button in the specification at all?


8. Click "Reset" button.  (Note: This is additional functionality.)
All 6 locations should appear in list view.
All 6 locations and markers should appear in map.


9. Resize window to less than 768px in width.

"Menu" icon should appear in top right corner.
Purple margin should appear around map image to allow for scrolling on mobile.
(otherwise, one could only scroll the map itself.)


10. Click on "Menu" icon (only visible below 768 px).

List view, filter input field, filter button, and reset button should disappear.
Click again and they should reappear.
Note: I would prefer to hide the "list view" with a media query below 768 px.
But this did not interact well with Knockout binding.
I researched alternatives, but didn't like any of them.
The "toggling" method was the best compromise I could find.


10. Error Handling:

If the Google places library can't be reached, an alert window displays in browser.
If the New York Times API doesn't respond, the InfoWindow displays an error.
If Google's service.textSearch doesn't respond, the map element displays an error.
If the submit on Input Filter Field has no matches, the list view shows an error.


11. Build Environment:

Unzip nodes.modules.zip.
Run "gulp build".
This will minimize files in src/ and put the results in dist/.
